hey people the adventure respect my
weekly grammy right now we are
start immediately because it was one
pretty busy week again
and we are going to start with something i
actually talks very little about it
namely about the who
you last 30 may was of course
mario kart 8 selected by wiu
finally a game for who use how
without looking out and has Nintendo
announced the game
1.2 million copies sold since the
along on May 30 which amounts to that
20% of review owners
so have bought Mario Kart 8 and the
sales figures in for example the
united kingdom were since to
release of mario kart 8 with no less than
increased six hundred percent
so you definitely have nintendo on
done to finally release mario kart 8
let's spend we go with apple
who namely beach for 3 billion
dollars and for people who don't
know what beats is of course that
company with those headphones that are best
be expensive and I hear it
actually a bit overpriced is what
maybe a little according to some
with apple
but they probably just have it
purchased for the streaming service that
offers itself also put for sale that is possible
now use apple nicely and
of course really that is from doctor 3 and
jimmy loafing so say the founder
are from beach
in addition, apple has on their own
developer conference I just know the
name not purely from yesterday or via
for you that is a few days
ago apple hi-res 8
announced some new things and that
there are for example that you
So you have interactive notifications
for example from the
to respond to a notification screen
SMS now text prediction
through swiftie developers
now also say their own in app store
keyboards so the toss so
users can use a different keyboard
and it's mostly with you
little things it 's not big
video like that lesson 7 as compared to
arjo s6 and yes that will probably work
come out at the same time as the new one
iPhone rumors were going about that
two versions arrived between 4.7
inch screen and five and a half inches
screen but we still have to go there
corridor wait before apple who goes
we will continue to announce
yes, because actually a little e3 news
it seems like all publishers and
announce things for the e3 because they
otherwise not enough on the e3 itself
get attention
For example, cry tank is one of those
first had a new mumbai game or 1hv
announced
they also have homefront revolution
they have new detail is already known
they also made before a
trailer throws online
is of course a continuation of the home front
she plays a few years after the game
and it is made by quartet usa
which therefore logically in America
and they now have a new one
namely hear horizon game announced
so tap share tates
and this will be a calf you are going to be
and probably runs on the corail
engines like almost all games
nowadays I cried logically
the cryengine is their we we go
by with naughty dog the rumor is already going
that they may have started a
new the charge fixed charges much two
of course even though of course the
bothered by spraying him out
and of course they are also busy with one
chart it 4 for which a long time
was already a teaser trailer
released we will continue with
your software was of course previous
soak or become pieces for hatching
playstation 4 the xbox one
the computer and in my opinion also for the
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and is
soon there is more than 4 million times
sold in the first week and a week
that's pretty expected
the expected is sometimes actually there
sold six million times
be out of my mind
so four million copies in the first
week for a new franchise
that is really just very neat
done by us or but I wonder
for the people who will sometimes have
purchased for any platform whatever
is your opinion about game because I hear
really many different stories
one found the other way the one
they think it meets expectations
the other again totally not
and to be honest the e3 demo
yes the expectations were huge
high up firstly by the yes
great graphics of course and outdoor
yes it is the gameplay with the fence
in that we would have worked things out well
are going to be
what is your opinion about was so is late
let me know in the comments there
I'm quite curious about that
and then we continue with the latter
news
about Poortstra was of course the
ice was the lungs of the xbox one
ports offered sport 6 if I remember correctly
have come true and the now goes a new one
Ford Samurai were two hatches
of course for the xbox 360
was samurai that was something
other than for his possible foot
is normal that's always just
nice on a circuit
racing that was before sunrise in any
case had a big open world and then
Going now is a full consequence of occurrence
the something must have won and yes really
so much announced for the e3 of
this year actually wanted to be weird
the remains so little about forms full
for the e3 but yes differences from life
They are said to be with some
big announcements came where we
unaware of it
so let's hope we go
surprise on the e3 that about one and a half or
two weeks or something is actually fashion
Drop your thanks for watching
this video
did you like the video deserves the blue
has allowed as to load and until next
times
later on